Wrapping raw OSError exceptions when unable to work with the destination file (#257)
reef-technologies/b2-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* Removed information about replication being in closed beta

> * Raw OSError exceptions are not thrown when using `DownloadedFile.save_to` to a path that doesn't exist, is a directory or the user doesn't have permissions to write to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't throw raw OSError exceptions are when using `DownloadedFile.save_to` to a path that doesn't exist, is a directory or the user doesn't have permissions to write to
```
